hey what's up guys ok so as most of you
know I you know made a video about wings
and him raging and all that stuff or
whatever and uh you know I thought it
was funny and I mean a lot of you guys
did too or whatever but I noticed there
are quite a few dislikes and I was
reading the comments and stuff and you
know people were mentioning that it was
immature and you know the guys already
down and I'm like kicking him while he's
down and all that stuff or whatever and
yeah I got to thinking about it and
stuff and you know maybe uh maybe you
guys are right and I probably should
have just left it alone so I actually
I'm going to apologize that wins will
probably never see this but wings I just
wanted to say I'm
fuck that shit what's going down
everybody at your man pro Diggy from the
K awesome crew but you can call me Diggy
if you like what the fuck are you doing
just like frozen in time and then watch
this you can get some too bitch um okay
so yeah pretty sure I faked you guys out
obviously I'm sure a lot of you were
like what the hell what's what's Diggy
doing it is he really nah he's not
fucking apologizing goddamnit I am
entitled to my fucking opinion and
anybody that doesn't like it just don't
listen unsub whatever shut your fucking
mouth uh you know this whole situation
is just fucking stupid ok let me explain
something to the fucking trolls out
there that decided they were gonna you
know tell me how it is and all that shit
like fuck you number one okay number two
this guy's a dick and you know what he
made a fucking mistake and I put him on
blast for it fucking sue me who cares
you know like for example these same
dickheads that are sitting here trying
to flame me for fucking putting wings on
blast for him being a fucking like
acting like a fucking four-year-old
basically um ok let me explain something
to you if you saw a video of a fat bitch
falling off a bicycle that someone had
posted and been like hey look at this
fat bitch fall off the bike what are you
gonna do are you gonna flame that guy
like oh that's really fucked up she's
fat you shouldn't talk about her falling
off the bike like that blah blah fuck no
you're gonna laugh your ass off and be
like i am that fat bitch you should go
to Jenny Craig maybe she wouldn't tip
over some shit like that but because its
wings and you know he's your best friend
and all that shit all of a sudden you
got a fucking defend him get the hell
out of here dude seriously you know
wings does not give a flying fuck about
you like I've heard some things about
him playing with subs and shit and he
has like rules like if you run a chopper
gunner you'll get kicked and all this
shit and if if he runs out of ammo and
you're near him you gotta kill yourself
so we can pick up your gun and shit fuck
you
lomi dude seriously are you joking okay
um so anyway the whole thing was is like
oh you know this is his job or whatever
like I don't give a fuck dude okay it's
your job you knew it was being streamed
okay period you were talking all this
fucking shit in the beginning like oh
dude if we played world at war like you
have no chance in hell and fucking you
know if we play any like 1v1 like I'm
just gonna own you and this and that and
whatever and basically he was doing
nothing but talking shit the whole time
about how he's gonna kick this dude's
ass and then as soon as he's losing he
just can't fucking handle it you know
what I mean and he put up this video
talking about like you know I'm only
human or whatever like fuck you I'm
human too but if I make a mistake okay
so i made a mistake that was fucking
immature of me whatever like i have a
fucking problem and that's it but he's
making excuses like oh this is how I've
always been since I was a kid I really
hate losing and blah blah blah and this
and that like you know what I'm sorry
there's no excuse for being a fucking
poor sport period you know I've 1v1
people and lost before you know what I
say afterwards I'm like good game dude
you're better than me you know fucking
hallelujah you know what their shit that
I'm better at than you are you know what
I mean like I'm not gonna be the best at
every single fucking thing I do in life
I don't expect to win against everybody
if I went and boxed somebody that was a
professional boxer I'd get my fucking
ass kicked you know what I mean like
that's just how it is um you know he
said some about when he loses he feels
like a failure it's a fucking video game
you don't mean like if you know I was
like homeless and jobless and shit like
that or whatever then maybe I'll feel
like a failure but if I lose a 1v1 I'm
not gonna feel like a failure and be
like okay whatever I lost move on you
know there's people I can beat those
people I can't beat simple as that um
and like these kids that are fucking
upset like you're only mad because it's
fucking wings of redemption if I would
have flamed some random kid that you
didn't fucking know i'm pretty sure you
wouldn't give a half of a flying fuck
about it you'd be like oh yeah fuck that
kid with a dumbass i can't believe you
broke
controller would retard but because its
wings it's like oh but he was just
having a bad day blah like fuck you man
get over yourself um like you know and
the other thing is like he cares about
money so fucking much like the whole
like bride with alchy david and how he
was trying to get fucking syndicate to
like like basically dumped to him and
fucking lose on purpose and then collect
i don't know like alchy was offering
like five grand of which fucking wings
was gonna take to and syndicate was
gonna get three fucking wings should
offer him the whole fucking five are you
joking me the fuck like why do you get
any money you know you're the one that
can't fucking win so if you're gonna
dump he should get all the fucking money
but syndicates a man he's like nah fuck
that I beat you I'm not gonna take money
to fucking lose to you you know what I
mean like he's got some fucking class
and some character and like don't get me
wrong I rage too yes black ops pisses me
the fuck off but never once have I
broken anything or thrown anything I
mean maybe all yell a little bit or
something but you know what at the end
of the day when i'm done with the game I
go and I fucking you know get some pussy
or something like that or whatever and
I'm fine and then these fucking people
talk about unsub nging ass about like
maybe like 10 douchebags that don't get
it that are on his fucking dick so hard
that they're gonna unsub me fucking whoa
who gives a shit like I'm glad you're
gone you know I mean so I don't know
like I said you guys laugh when someone
fucks up just because this guy is like
somebody special quote unquote all of a
sudden you want to get mad blow me
anyway this Vinny man pro digging from
the mother fucking cake ah screw but you
could call me Diggy if you're like don't
forget as always to like comment
subscribe and I'll see you in my sights